Add div_precision_increment system variable doc (#16736)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

</CustomContent>

### div_precision_increment <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes

> - Default value: `4`
> - Range: `[0, 30]`
> - This variable indicates the number of digits by which to increase the scale of the result of division operations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `4`
- Range: `[0, 30]`
- This variable indicates the number of digits to specify the scale of a division operation result. 
```

</CustomContent>

### div_precision_increment <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

> - Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
```

- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `4`
- Range: `[0, 30]`

> - This variable is used to control the number of decimal places in the result of a division operation performed using the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control the number of decimal places in the result of a division operation performed using the operator `/`.
```

</CustomContent>

### div_precision_increment <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): Yes
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `4`
- Range: `[0, 30]`

> - This variable is used to control the number of decimal places in the result of a division operation performed using the operator `/`.

Reviewer 2: How about use the exactly describe as in mysql's doc:
```
This variable indicates the number of digits by which to increase the scale of the result of division operations performed with the `/` operator.
```

Author: Sounds good, I'll change it.

> - This variable indicates the number of digits by which to increase the scale of the result of a division operation performed using the `/` operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This variable indicates the number of digits by which to increase the scale of the result of a division operation performed using the `/` operator. This is the same as MySQL.
```

> - This variable indicates the number of digits by which to increase the scale of the result of a division operation performed using the `/` operator. This variable is the same as MySQL.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- This variable specifies the number of digits by which to increase the scale of the result of a division operation performed using the `/` operator. This variable is the same as MySQL.
```
